[Music]
Hello my dearest lovers of the
heart I hope you are enjoying
the day what a mess is going on
and there will be a
lot of Luis Priego is
very angry the director of the magazine
Lecturas because as I already told you in
the news previous to this one Belén
Esteban was denying both
the cover about Paz Padilla and the
news in which she was paid 30 thousand
during the pandemic let's see why
Belén Esteban has actually spoken out
on Sálvame itself and this is
making Luis Pliego explode even
more
they are lying about both news stories because of
me he has fired Padilla
this is exactly what I said in
the
previous video, that is, Belén Esteban
understands that on the cover of Lectura she
says I don't know if it is there for what the
cover since we are in it
nothing more over here the cover Belén
Esteban understands on that cover that
she is being blamed for
Padilla being fired and that is not what
they say after the fight with  Belén
Esteban but not that it was for that reason I
don't have a summary that she has made for me you
tell me now that I would like to read it since she has already
put it to me
because well I didn't know if you were
going to dare or not to do this publicly but others converted look that nothing varies for example my husband Miguel always tells me be careful watch no but a time has come in my life when I am not going to keep quiet about anything he thinks I'm right bravo bravo Princess Luis Plego well he says that in this
environment and shows this paper that he
understands, that is, these are the
profits and losses of the company
is Belén Esteban's imagine one of
Belén Esteban's companies one of
Belén Esteban's companies no and here it says
personnel expenses
375 thousand but of course that is the salary of
one person or several people is what
I
don't understand because of course how do you deduce here from reading that it is the salary of one person I ask it is I ask and I ask then it turns out that apparently in 2020 it went from 180 thousand the previous year to 375 in
the year  2020 which would fall to 31 thousand
250 euros per month
but it is in the company it is I imagine
that this is where all the commissions will come in
when I read the news on the front page
I thought it was only referring to the
salary from the program 'sálvame' in fact
we have been talking about that she barely stepped on
the plate no and here she may be
referring to that she was going maybe one month she
charged 60,000 hasn't she realized that
this is annual okay this is not literal the
monthly salary this is what she gets
okay maybe the company has a
lot of money saved or has been
accumulating a lot of money during
the previous year and this because one month
maybe during the months of
confinement she didn't earn much from sálvame
but then she did a couple of gigs, did
an event, did a collaboration or did
a cover of I don't know what you understand me and
then since it's not that it's 31 thousand
euros a month but maybe one month it
was 90 and another month it wasn't
20 valuable this is still very
relative but oh well let's  wait to
see what she says during the
afternoon what do you think family the
sheets are very full see you in the
next news
[Music]